[Music]
this is the new jeno with Sun Odyssey
440 it's an all-new hole of design with
a full-length chine and a lot will beam
taken forward which gives more space in
the forward section of the boat they've
also put a lot of attention into the
innovative cockpits which moves the
primary wenches inboard and there's also
this neat sloped walk through to the
fore deck the extra width in the forward
section of the hull gives enough room
for this very open owners cabin at the
front so the middle of the boat is given
over to the very large galley here a
very respectable sized navigation table
behind it and the saloon on the
starboard side of the boat the earth
cabins a reasonable size and the sloping
side decks that allow you to go forwards
easily take up a surprisingly little
amount of space in here
[Music]